welcome to the ocean studio here of the
Yahowah Vlog I am your host Craig wen
it is a real pleasure to be able
to broadcast this live stream from this
marvelous place a garden oasis in the
middle of the sea today for example as
the rest of the country moves into the
depths of fall and the impending cool of
winter we are blessed with
Temperatures in the eighties,
light breezes, puffy white clouds,
and a reflective sea.
It is really an ideal place for us
to be able to focus on Yahowah's testimony,
to analyze what his prophets have revealed
and to consider all of it so that
we can bring these insights to you.
And as you know,
I'm impassioned by the opportunity to
evaluate every Psalm that Doe described
and every prophetic statement that was
inspired by our Father,
all in search of additional affirmations
and insights after having already brought
many thousands upwards of ten thousand
unheralded insights about the nature of
god and his beloved son and the means
that god has provided for us to live
forever with him all knowing that our
investigations are rewarded with exciting
new discoveries on a daily basis
It's one of the reasons that God said,
I want you to switch from being a
full-time writer to a blogger.
Because in this format,
you can reveal what you are learning in
real time.
And quite frankly,
we're running out of time.
There is very little of it left prior
to the entrance into the time of Israel's
troubles,
which begins on the twenty-second of May
of next year.
just less than eight months from now.
So time is nigh.
We must make progress while the sun
shines.
So this is the perfect time to listen
to what Yahowah had to reveal about his
beloved son, Dowd,
and about what they have accomplished,
all for our benefit.
After listening...
to Shalomo Solomon's Sermon on the Mount,
dedicating the temple on Taruwah as it is
presented in Dabarym haYowmym,
Words of the Day, Second Chronicles, six,
thirty two and thirty three.
And on these programs,
I have detailed everything that was said
in advance of it and following it.
Well,
During it, of course,
we are drawn to have a better
understanding of why he spoke of HaNakry,
of this observant foreigner who would play
such a prominent role in the last days
in calling God's people home.
And he, this Nakar,
this observant foreigner,
is presented again in the eighteenth
Mizmowr of Dowd.
And if that were not enough to garner
our undivided attention by comparing the
two presentations,
there is a foreshadowing of something, oh,
especially relevant for those of us living
today.
During the Exodus from Egypt,
God announced that he would be
orchestrating a second Exodus,
this one from Babylon.
And in a preceding chapter of Exodus,
This volume of Coming Home,
a citation from Dowd's fifth Mizmowr,
led us to Yashayah forty.
And when we even say those words, Isaiah,
salvation is from Yahowah,
we were immediately alerted that this is
the man who wrote the textbook on proper
chotering,
so that the man who would be afforded
the seven spirits of Yahowah
would know exactly what to say to you,
whether you be religious and need to purge
yourself of this offense against God,
political,
and you need to start trusting Yahowah
instead of your political party,
or the secularist,
where it is essential that you come to
know what Yahowah had to say.
This begins.
Yahowah.
Hmm.
You know,
I posted today some ten different
rabbinical vomitalicious diatribes.
And there was something that was common
among them that is quite different than
what God revealed through his prophets.
Not one of them mentioned Yahowah's name.
They spoke of Hashem.
They spoke of a G-D.
They spoke of an Adonai.
But there was no mention of a Yahowah.
And if you do not know and use
Yahowah's name, I can assure you,
you do not speak for him.
Here, Yasha'yah, Isaiah,
began this statement using Yahowah's name.
He knew it.
He loved it.
He was devoted to sharing it.
Yahowah, you want to lead me.
You want to guide me to the most
favorable possible outcome and then rely
on me, trusting me to achieve.
Oh my.
I mean,
they're just such a simple statement and
yet people could roll over it and have
no appreciation for it.
unless you're to pause and think of the
implications of this.
Yasha'yah,
the man that is the dearest to me
of the prophets,
didn't say that Yahowah provided a data
dump.
He didn't say that Yahowah treated me like
I was a mimeograph machine.
That probably predates most of you.
I could even say a Xerox copier,
and you wouldn't know what that is either.
but he didn't plug in a memory chip.
How about that?
No, that is not what occurred.
And this is essential because there are
those that are trying as part of a
mother goddess cult to convince others
that God would never work with someone who
could ever have
been wrong who could have learned
something new that changed his conclusion
regarding something that god had said that
this is how Yahowah works he leads he
guides he directs
And he does these things because as we
grow with him, as we learn from him,
as we come to understand what he is
saying,
then it is the natural consequence of this
process to rely on him, to trust him,
so that we are equipped to be productive,
to achieve what he once accomplished.
This is how it works.
It's how he communicated through Moshe.
It's how he communicated through Dowd.
It's how he communicated through Yasha'yah.
God wants you to know that in every
occasion,
he will work through people and those he
has chosen to work through,
learn from him.
They're equipped by him.
They are guided by
by his teaching, his instructions,
and that collectively this causes them to
trust him, to rely upon him,
to achieve what must be done.
And in this case,
it is to know what is right,
what is vindicating, tzedakah.
Tzedakah is the ultimate goal of
everything I have done from the beginning.
I want you to know what is right.
The hour is right.
Dowd as the Messiah is right.
The Beryth covenant and its five terms and
conditions, it's right.
The Mowed Miqraey,
the seven steps that we are allowed and
invited to walk to Yahowah,
to live with him, they're right.
These things are right.
And it's only by being right that you
have any opportunity to be with God,
to enjoy his company,
to be part of either of the upcoming
harvests, to reenter Eden,
all of which will transpire over the next
eight years.
We're running out of time for you to
be right and yet right.
That is the mission of Yahowah,
for you to know Yahowah so that you
can be Tsadaq, right about him.
And this was what Yasha'yah was saying,
that Yahowah wanted him to know.
process the information he was providing
because it would cause the prophet to be
led to the most favorable possible
outcome.
And in the process,
he would learn to trust and rely upon
Yahowah so that he would learn and come
to know and be confident in what is
right and what is vindicating.
especially with regard to responding to
those who acting as if they were
authorized authority figures who are so
adversarial and opposed to me.
You know,
when you do this job and your mission
is to get the attention of Yisrael,
which was his job,
to communicate Yahowah's message really to
the world.
What you find is that,
ninety-nine point nine, nine, nine, nine,
nine percent of people are either
adversarial or they're uninterested.
That's what you find.
People really don't wanna know the truth
about God.
They're much happier believing religious
myths.
And the truth about God destroys every
religious myth.
You know the truth about God?
You know there was no Jesus.
You know the New Testament is nothing but
a hoax.
Con job.
You know the truth about God?
You would never dignify a rabbi again.
You would know that they are the greatest
foe in the history of Israel.
If you knew the truth...
you would isolate and quarantine Islam
before it plagues the world.
And yet,
by sharing the truth of which Yasha'yah was
one of the great vanguards,
all you do is develop enemies.
It's one of the reasons why I was
so comfortable working with Yahowah when I
was allowed to be anonymous and worked
under the
Nom du plume aviada,
just means one who knows.
Anonymity,
it takes the target off the individual and
places it on the message being conveyed
and, you know,
Yahowah has really big shoulders.
He's had six thousand years of human
abuse.
Nothing's going to faze him at this point.
And so just convey his message.
People want to be mad at God.
They will be.
But Yahowah didn't want to play it that
way.
He's really never played it that way.
There is no anonymous spokesperson for
Yahowah.
Never has been.
Never will be.
And part of that is because, you know,
in Dabar Mekten,
where he is trying to help people
understand who speaks for him and who does
not.
And also in Numbers twelve,
where God is trying to refute Miriam's
claim that she too speaks for God.
God says exactly the same thing.
If someone is speaking for me,
they know it and you know it.
because I've made it abundantly clear.
But the moment he does that and designates
the individual who is speaking for him,
like calling out this individual known as
the Nakry, sometimes written as Nakar,
this observant foreigner,
he gets a target on his forehead.
And that's exactly as Yahowah wants it to
be.
And you might say, well,
why would God want to pass the buck
so that an individual gets the target on
their head as opposed to God taking the
flack for man's stupidity?
I think there's a lot of reasons for
that.
And one of them is, well,
he just happens to be God and he
doesn't need to endure this.
He's been abused by humankind
since the beginning,
and there's no reason for him to endure.
Second of all,
when the children of Yisrael,
who were the control group that he was
trying to use to demonstrate the benefits
of listening to him and the consequence of
rejecting him, told him,
we never want to hear you speak to
us again.
We never want to see you again,
not ever, under any circumstances.
We'd rather die.
That put God in a fairly tight position.
where the only way to communicate now to
the world would be through men and women.
And overwhelmingly,
God picks men through whom he
communicates.
He tells you who it is,
and he works through them.
So it is just consistent with what God
has agreed to do,
and God is always consistent.
But I think there's another reason.
Just as God is content to convey truth
The option of knowing him and being part
of his eternal family or rejecting him in
such a way that he's easy to reject.
And that is by design.
God does not want a big family and
forevermore.
Heaven is not going to be crowded.
If you are part of a popular religion,
that religion is excluded just based on
his popularity alone.
So God is trying to make it exceedingly
easy to reject him.
Because he doesn't want to replicate the
experience we've had here on earth these
past six thousand years where man has just
mucked everything up and been so
enormously destructive with religion and
politics.
And so men are less convincing than God
would be directly.
So you get me at this time.
Why?
Because I'm less convincing than God would
be directly.
And that's by design.
But I think there's another reason,
and I think it may be the most
important of all.
When God chooses to convey his message
through someone,
that person becomes the exemplar that
Israel forfeited.
When Israel said,
we don't want to hear from you again
or see you again, when God found me,
and I happened to be chosen not because
of...
Well, God may have had his reasons.
I don't want to shortchange the reasons
God made that choice.
But the fact of the matter is there
was no other choice.
And when you recognize that,
what God is essentially saying is I can
choose to work with somebody who is
otherwise a dunderhead, doesn't know me.
I didn't know God's name at the time.
Has no particular skill in any of these
subjects.
has no unusual, uncommon knowledge of God,
but who is available to teach and to
deploy because this individual has done
what Abraham and Moshe had done,
even Dowd had done,
to walk away from religion and politics.
You're never approachable by God until
you've done those things.
I had done them.
Moshe had done them.
Abraham had done them.
And then you have the potential to become
a clean slate that is open to God's
teaching.
And God's point of view here is that
if I can take a clean slate that
has the experience that he has rejected
relative to religion and politics,
which I did, which Moshe did,
which Abraham did,
Then if that individual does as I've
asked, listens to me,
and is open to my teaching and is
guided by me,
then I can teach that man everything he
needs to know to be effective.
In my case,
it took twenty years before I really
became effective.
In fact,
I would say twenty-two years from the
beginning of our relationship.
That's not entirely true.
I think in the midst of that time,
I was quite effective at excoriating the
lies of Islam,
proving that Allah was not God and that
Muhammad was not a prophet.
I was quite good at excoriating the lies
of Christianity,
proving that Jesus was not God,
that he never existed,
and that Paul
was demon-possessed.
The Christian New Testament has no
validity.
I was quite effective, I think,
in determining over that time many
thousands of profound insights that no one
had previously conceived nor shared.
But coming to the point where I could
do this with you and just look into
the camera and face you really directly
and speak directly to you in a live
stream,
It took twenty-two years of preparation,
twenty-three years of preparation.
But that's exactly as God wanted it to
be.
We had the time and we went through
the process together.
And God is saying,
if this man could figure it out.
Now it took twelve, fourteen hours a day,
six and seven days a week for that
twenty-two years,
basically a hundred thousand hours.
of thinking, of writing, of sharing,
of translating,
before I was properly taught to do this.
And so what God is able to display
is what would have happened had Israel
done that.
Had Israel listened to God as opposed to
writing their own Talmud, Zohar.
Had they responded to God as opposed to
responded to men?
Had they fallen in love with the Iowa's
name rather than erased it?
Had they come to embrace the great gift
that was offered by Dowd,
God's beloved son,
our Messiah and King who serves as our
savior,
how different the world would have been.
There would have been no Christianity,
no Islam, no Judaism.
And Jews would be the most prosperous and
most beloved and enlightened and enabled
people on earth.
So God wanted to show it's possible.
If he could take someone like me and
teach him what he had to know to
do this job,
then it was possible for anyone to do
this job, right?
That was the purpose.
That's why we did this together.
And by going through all that process and
every time that there was a challenge to
have that obstacle obliterated and we step
on top of a higher point with far
greater knowledge and much greater
understanding.
such that we've reached a point now where
new insights are being conveyed to us on
a daily basis,
then you come to trust God.
Every time there's a challenge,
he has an answer.
Study his answer.
Follow his example.
You learn what's right,
what's vindicating.
especially with regard to those who are
acting as if they were authorized,
but yet are adversarial.
And they are opposed to me.
They were opposed to Yasha'yah.
They're opposed to Yahowah.
And Yahowah will try to console those
individuals.
He, you know, told, uh,
Shamuw’el,
when the children of Israel rebelled
against him,
that they weren't rebelling against
Shamuw’el,
they were rebelling against Jehovah.
And sometimes he simply says, okay,
I hear you.
That's when Moshe had his meltdown and
gave up,
saying the children of Israel were
impossible to lead.
God didn't console him because what he did
was wrong.
But he did say,
I got a couple of guys.
You get them to the promised land,
I'll take it from there.
And so God has an answer.
When Dowd couldn't fulfill the mission of
escorting the Ark of the Covenant into
Jerusalem, the city of Dowd,
and
failed to understand the metaphor that was
messed up in the way of having the
bull pull the Ark of the Covenant across
the threshing floor and got mad at God
as opposed to understanding the picture,
the image,
the prophecy that he was witnessing.
You know,
God simply sat him down and said,
I'm going to explain it to you.
And he did in no uncertain terms.
Dowd realized that his associate was a man
named Obed-Edom and that Obed-Edom had the
responsibility of getting that Ark of the
Covenant properly positioned for Dowd to
anoint the mercy seat upon his return on
Yom Kippur.
God had an answer.
And so you learn to trust on God,
trust God for the answer.
The prophet Yasha'yah went on to say,
You want to engage such that your way
is straightforward and right before me and
in my presence.
God's not capricious.
He is not circuitous.
Religion is capricious and circuitous.
It's full of contradictions.
It requires God to be the God of
contradictions.
Christianity contradicts what God said and
contradicts the Torah and contradicts the
prophets and contradicts itself.
Islam is just a stew of contradictions.
So is Judaism.
God's approach is straightforward.
There is but one covenant, the Beryth.
It has five conditions and five benefits.
They've never changed.
They will never change.
God has seven steps that you can walk
to him, one set of Mowed Miqrah,
and they are eternal, unchanging.
They don't fit into any religion, however.
In fact,
all religions are opposed to them,
including Judaism.
God has but one name, Chawah,
and yet the religious are wont to ignore
it or erase it or to change it.
God's straightforward.
He has but one son.
We'll have many.
One firstborn.
It's Dowd.
One anointed Messiah.
Dowd.
One returning king.
So it was then that in Yasha'yah forty
that we read a call, a voice.
Calls out.
Inviting and summoning.
reading and reciting in the mid bar which
is the place where the word is questioned
turn around and choose to change your
direction such that you are prepared for
the way of yangua
of your own free will,
choose to become straightforward and
correct so that you are prepared for an
elevated walkway through the dark and
lifeless fabric of that which is
commingled to approach our God.
Yasha'yah, Isaiah, forty-two and three.
A voice.
God
Speaks through men.
And so.
If you're going to listen to God.
You're going to have to listen to the
voice.
Of the man that he has chosen to
call out.
And in this case.
The voice.
The coal.
Is Kara.
Is inviting and summoning you.
Is reading and reciting.
To you.
And he's doing so in the lifeless
wilderness where the word is questioned.
Bamidbar.
The reason I'm smiling is that God's
pretty clever.
You see, the things that we have,
the place we have gone to learn the
most about Yahowah recently,
about the purging of the guilt of the
adulterous woman so that she can be
betrothed to
her returning king by way of the sacrifice
of the Adamah Parah.
Well,
those take place and are presented in
Bamidbar in the wilderness,
five and nineteen.
The story of Moshe's rebellion,
when he finally says, God,
I can't do this.
These people are impossible.
And there is just
No way that this job can be achieved.
And then for God to present Eldod,
the Almighty's beloved, and Maidod,
his beloved.
is one of the most inspirational passages
ever for this mission,
because as we look at Israel now and
her religiosity and her politics and her
love for that which is destroying her and
her aversion to Yahowah,
the job appears impossible.
And yet we know that Yahowah was going
to resolve that.
And then we had the rebellion of the
Mother goddess cult and the psychopath
that wanted to claim that she too spoke
for God.
But, well, mommy God anyway.
Although there is no mommy God in the
Torah.
And mommy God says nothing.
But nonetheless, she would speak for her,
which means she's speaking for herself.
If you want to think that through.
We have Bamidbar Numbers Twelve.
All about that episode and what Gawa had
to say about striking her with leprosy and
spitting in her face,
ostracizing her from the community.
And of course that leads to Bamidbar,
XIII, XIV,
and XV of the setup of the spies,
these members from each tribe and just
their names is a treat for the eyes
and the mind.
And how these individuals go into the
promised land and with only two
exceptions,
they come back with a fabricated report.
They lied about what they saw.
They didn't want it either.
God said, fine,
I'm just going to kill you all.
No problem.
And he did.
And there were two people that spoke up
for God.
One for certain and one standing by him
anyway.
Caleb was the hero of the story.
Uh,
The lessons there, of course,
are profoundly important because Israel
has no desire for what God is offering,
which is a return to Eden.
They don't want it.
They would rather turn Sukah into a time
to run around with their luvah,
their four species,
and their wrinkled fruit, bitter fruit.
They haven't changed one iota.
They've gone right back to Babylon.
And this leads to the most revealing
prophecy,
perhaps anywhere in the prophets by mid
bar numbers, fifteen,
where God goes through systematically with
the under twenties that he had spared at
this time that he was going to give
another opportunity to.
And he told them exactly how he is
going to provide that opportunity for this
final remnant through a bull,
a ram and a goat.
And they are the story.
of the Mowat Miqrah.
They are the story of the covenant.
They are the means to the ends that
God is trying to achieve.
And we have gone through that.
We'll go through it again because the
prophecy is profoundly important.
And of course, in Numbers twenty is the
Fabled waters of Mirabah,
the ultimate meltdown of God's people,
where they pushed Yahowah away forever.
Well,
pushed him away for three thousand four
hundred and fifty years.
That's going to seem like forever,
doesn't it?
And so it was in the wilderness,
in the midst of this time, in Bamidbar,
in Numbers.
that this voice calls out,
inviting and summoning,
reading and reciting,
so that Israel would for the first time
in three thousand four hundred and fifty
years turn around.
choose to change their direction away from
religion, away from politics,
and back to Yahowah,
back to his beloved son,
back to the Mowed Miqrah as they were
delineated and intended,
back to the covenant as it was narrated
and fulfilled.
So that you are prepared for the way
of Yahowah, not the way of the rabbis,
not the way of Judaism,
not the way of Hashem.
Not the way of Jesus.
Not the way of Allah Akbar.
Prepared for the way of Yahowah.
Where do you think you would find the
way of Yahowah?
In the Torah?
In the prophets?
You realize that the prophets are filled
with Torah?
And the Torah is filled with prophecy?
Torah and prophets are like saying one
thing.
and the revelations and testimony of
Yahowah.
Of course,
you'd need to know Yahowah to be prepared
for the way of Yahowah, wouldn't you?
He goes on to say,
of your own free will,
choose to become straightforward and
correct so that you are prepared.
You see, God's not changing his path.
He's not accommodating you.
You will either change and become
straightforward and correct,
non-religious, non-conspiratorial,
non-antisemitic, non-political,
non-militaristic,
or you're just not welcome.
You have to change for the path.
The path does not change for you.
That's just it.
Path is straightforward.
It is correct.
It runs through the covenant by way of
the Miqrah,
accommodated by and assisted by Dowd and
Yahowah, described by Yada.
And this is because...
No one sees it.
And so it has to be revealed,
this elevated walkway,
this path from man's depressed and
polluted religious and political rubbish
to God's way through corruption to his
perfect realm was concealed in darkness,
the darkness of religion and politics.
And so to be prepared for it,
this elevated walkway,
someone had to clear away all the muck
and to shine a brilliant light on this
dark and lifeless fabric,
which is commingled.
Or there would be no one approaching God,
no way to approach him.
You know,
a way that is unknown doesn't change in
terms of being away,
but
If there is no one that knows that
it's there, it doesn't benefit anyone.
Well,
now this leads to the overall significance
of Yahowah will be revealed,
becoming more openly known.
In two thousand five hundred years,
from four forty seven BCE,
with the last of Yahowah's published
prophets and Malachi,
to the time that we began our
collaboration on Taruwah in two thousand
and one.
No one knew the significance of Yahowah.
The name was not spoken.
No one knew it.
And finally,
as a result of our collaboration,
the name of Yahowah was revealed.
It became more openly known.
And
This is because Yahowah had selected a
Basar, a human herald, to reveal this.
And every proclamation of the human
herald, the Basar,
will reveal this all together and in its
entirety.
This is reliable because the mouth of
Yahowah has spoken it.
Cole voice is one of the titles that
Yahowah uses to describe our collaboration.
Peh mouth of God is yet another.
But one of the most important because it
is so descriptive is Basar,
which is a human herald.
A herald is one who speaks on behalf
of another.
He heralds their message.
He proclaims their message.
He announces what is important to be
known.
In this case,
I herald the message of Dowd,
our returning king, who is our savior,
the beloved son of God,
the Messiah and king.
And I am the voice of Yahowah to
share what God had to say about him
that is important for us to know.
So this is why I began by revealing
the significance of Yahowah's name and of
his role in our lives.
Not Jesus, not Allah, not Hashem, Yahowah.
I made this openly known.
There are now thirty-five books presented
in their entirety entirely free at
yadayah.com.
Yada means to know.
Ya is the familial
forum of Yahowah's name, yadayah.com.
Go there.
See what the Pei mouth, the Cole voice,
and the Basar herald of Yahowah has
revealed all together in its entirety.
And it is reliable because the mouth of
Yahowah has spoken it.
Now, you may say, well, you know,
you're being a little presumptuous to say
that you are the coal,
you are the pay, you are the Basar.
Am I?
We are only a matter of months away
from the fulfillment of the next Mowed
Miqraey Shabuwah.
And had I not come to this understanding,
no one would have been aware of it.
We are eight years from the fulfillment of
Taruwah.
Dowd and Yahowah's return on Kipurym and
reentry into the garden on Sukah.
And year six thousand,
which is twenty thirty three.
No one knew these things.
How would somebody know the way of Yahowah
when they didn't even know Yahowah?
How would someone know the importance of
Kara,
of its role and explaining these Miqrah,
which is the
means to ponder the implications of Kara
being invited, being welcomed,
being met with, and to read and recite,
who would have known?
If God and I hadn't collaborated this way,
how would you know about any of these
things?
How would you benefit from any of these
And now you'd say, okay, well,
that's helpful that you've done these
things,
but somebody else could have done them.
Oh, yeah?
Who?
We've run out of time.
I've got twenty five thousand pages
explaining this to you and the Yada
series.
And.
Tens of thousands of hours of recorded
audio programs to explain it.
Been working at it with Yahowah for twenty
four years.
Who?
Can't be an Israeli because God says that
the person that he is communicating with
is a Nakar, an observant foreigner.
Can't be a Jew because this person is
speaking in Yahowah's name.
They don't do that.
Can't be a woman because God says that
this person who is conveying this is a
man.
Who else?
Fact is there's no one else.
Doesn't speak highly of me,
it speaks poorly of the rest of humanity.
A voice urges, read and recite,
choosing to be called out and welcomed.
Kara is among my top five favorite words
I named the boat that I journeyed to
this island, Kara.
Leah has now a beautiful little bundle of
love.
We named her Kara.
Kara means to invite, to summons, to meet,
to welcome, to read and to recite.
No one spoke of Kara prior to this
time.
And so it is this cold voice that
is encouraging you, Takara.
So this is what Yahowah said to Yasha'yah.
So Yasha'yah responded.
So I asked, what should I read?
What should I recite?
God answered.
Every proclamation of the Basar Herald.
It's a place to dwell,
which is entirely loving,
providing all of the benefits of the
relationship, akin to a gleaming flower,
blossoming while spreading across the open
terrain.
Yasha'yah, verse forty-six.
Do you understand what God just said?
He's having a discussion with the great
prophet
Whom he had a wonderful relationship with.
For some.
Probably upwards of.
Forty years.
And he's saying to that prophet.
A voice.
A call.
Is calling out.
And.
And then God has said.
You should read and recite.
Choosing.
To be called out and welcomed.
Well.
he is encouraging us to read and recite
what the cold voice has shared, isn't he?
And so Yasha'yah, who at this point,
I don't think it has fully dawned on
him the collaborative role that he and I
would play in this regard.
Although by the time we get to the
sixty-third chapter,
I can tell you for certain,
Yasha'yah is all in on exactly what Yahowah
was explaining to him.
He will call the Zarowa.
That's my Zarowa.
That's my guy.
I was in this wine vat all by
myself.
And now I have someone who has jumped
in here with me.
He is this man from Edom who will
save many.
So at this moment,
Yasha'yah asked the question that Yahowah
wanted him to ask because he wanted to
answer it.
And it's possible that Yasha'yah knew the
answer when he asked the question of God.
but he knew God wanted to provide the
answer.
And so he said,
what should I read and recite?
Mah-Qara.
Kara, kara, kara.
And God's answer was every proclamation of
the herald, Kol Ha-basar.
That makes this herald somebody that we
ought to listen to, right?
You ought to listen to.
God says every proclamation of the Basar
Herald.
That's what you should read.
That's what you should recite.
Every proclamation of the Basar Herald.
Why don't you find another one of them?
Why don't you look?
Where is there somebody that's writing in
Yahowah's name that has some twenty five
thousand pages of translations and
analysis and insights regarding Yahowah and
the Miqrah?
In fact,
there's three volumes just on the Kara.
On the Mowed Miqrah.
And every volume touches on them.
Addresses them.
Who else has a Yahowah blog?
What should I read and recite?
Every proclamation of the Basar Herald.
Now,
this is something that does not stand
alone.
When Solomon, Dowd's beloved son,
was dedicating the house for Yahowah's name
on the Temple Mount on Taruwah,
He announced that there would be a Nakry,
an observant foreigner,
and his voice would come out of the
heavens, out of the sky.
And when you hear him,
no matter where you live or when you
live,
no matter if you are a Yahuwdym or
you are a Goyim,
you need to listen to him and you
need to do as he says.
So this is an affirmation of that.
Every proclamation of the Basar Herald.
It's a place to dwell.
It's a place to live.
Where is that place to live?
Well,
it's Sukah and that sheltered enclosure
that represents a return to Gan Eden that
will be fulfilled through Taruwah,
Kipurym and Sukah in year six thousand
YAH,
beginning on the twenty third and twenty
fourth of September, twenty thirty three.
And then with the gates opening
to us for our return to Eden on
the seventh of October,
twenty thirty three.
It's a place to dwell.
And it will be entirely loving because
there will be no religion,
there will be no politics, no Christians,
no religious Jews, no Muslims, no magas.
It's going to be an entirely loving place,
no controversies.
And it will be a place where all
of the benefits of the relationship are
offered.
And God then says it will be akin
to a gleaming flower blossoming,
spreading out across the open terrain.
Why?
Because the Mishar Herald is calling you
back to Eden because God is opening the
door to Eden.
The fulfillment of Taruwah, Kipurym,
and Sukah bring us back to the conditions
experienced at Eden.
It's why we spent, well,
I think there were eleven or twelve
programs on Sukah,
explaining that the entirety of Sukah is
about fulfillment.
returning to eden and therefore you need
to know what was experienced in eden and
what the message was of eden and this
relationship between satan and Chawah and
Adam and Yahowah so that you might know
what to expect so that you're prepared to
re-enter eden it's never been explained
like that prior to these programs just
this past week because god is indeed
spreading
the gleaming flower and the blossoms
across the open terrain of the earth.
Doing so beginning on Taruwah in twenty
thirty three or six thousand.
He says this dwelling will be gone for
a while.
The blossoming and the gleaming flower
will be treated with contempt at this
moment because the spirit of Iowa blows
like the wind.
dispersing and driving away forcefully
through him.
Insightfully,
the abode is of the family and for
the family because the word of our God,
it stands forever.
The dwelling that will be gone in a
little while is the houses of gods and
of men,
The constructs of men.
An earth that is shaped and controlled by
men.
It will all be gone.
God's going to do away with it.
And therefore,
while we are still in the realm of
religions and politics controlling men,
that this beautiful gleaming flower is
going to be treated with contempt at the
moment.
Although that will change.
And what God is saying also is that
his Ruach,
because his Ruach is offered seven times
over to the Choter,
this man who is the Nakar,
this man who is the pay mouth and
coal voice of God,
serving as the Basar Herald,
Yasha'yah explained that he would have the
seven Ruach of Yahowah,
heretofore never happened previously.
He has the very Ruach of Yahowah,
which is exactly what this says.
And it is the Ruach of Yahowah through
this man's mouth, his pay,
and through his cold voice as the Basar
Herald that will blow like the wind,
dispersing and driving away forcefully as
a result of what he does.
That means I'm the one who has been
designated the chief destroyer i am
literally the destroyer of worlds as you
know them i'm the one who is responsible
for incinerating and annihilating
expunging religion and in all forms
politics in all forms
militancy in all forms,
conspiracy in every flavor from the earth.
And I do so with the authority of
the spirit of Yahowah.
And I do so as the beneficiary of
the teaching and guidance of Yahowah
through his Torah and prophets.
It is why I am the only person
in human history
who has written thirteen volumes
excoriating Christianity, Islam,
and Judaism.
In Judaism,
I did so by proving that Ezekiel was
a false prophet and that he spoke as
Satan to lead the world astray and
demonstrated how this was the favorite
book of the rabbis and spoke to you
about how
They were the great enemy of God's people.
As a matter of fact,
in the programs we have delivered
recently,
I've shown particularly through Yasha'yah
and through the Torah,
how adverse Yahowah is to Judaism.
But the five books on goddamn religion,
excoriating, Allah, Muhammad,
the Quran and Hadith are the most
comprehensive
expose and excoriation of islam ever
written nothing compares to them four
thousand two hundred pages they completely
blow islam away and the five volumes
called twistianity that take what paul
wrote what peter had to say what is
presented in the christian new testament
and shred it
such there is absolutely no ounce of
credibility left for the myth of Jesus or
of the New Testament.
Nothing like any three of those volumes
has ever existed,
much less having one man write all three.
So I've done this.
spirit of Yahowah blowing like the wind we
have driven away forcefully from him the
those who would promote islam christianity
and judaism all of which have been this
great foe of god's people so insightfully
the abode of the family the covenant
family exists
Because the word of our God stands
forever.
That means that it can't be altered by
the Talmud, the Zohar, the New Testament,
the Quran,
or the writings of anyone who isn't
authorized to convey God's message for
him.
It is the Debar of Yahowah that stands
forever.
Upon the elevated and exalted mountain,
ascend.
It's Moriah.
And that is the invitation of the end.
If you're going to be part of that
mortal remnant of Yisrael that is spared
on Taruwah,
to enjoy the return of father and son,
Yahowah and Dowd on Kipurym and enter the
garden of a restored earth on Sukah.
You need to ascend.
Mount Moriah,
which means you need to respect Yahowah,
which is what Moriah means.
Proclaim the news as the herald.
Basar.
Of Zion.
And again,
I am the first and only to present
Zion as the signs posted along the way.
From Dowd's home at the bottom of the
ridgeline of Zion all the way to Yahowah's
at the top.
the summit of Mount Moriah,
the signs present the way from man to
God through the most important man of God,
all so that you can approach.
Powerfully and with authority.
Choose to raise your call.
Your voice.
As the Basar.
As the Herald.
Bringing this message to Jerusalem.
The source of guidance on reconciliation.
Lift on high.
And choose to proclaim.
Fear not.
nor be intimidated, or apprehensive,
cities of Yahuwdah, the beloved of Yah.
Behold, look now and see your God.
Yasha'yah, verse forty-nine.
God speaks with authority.
His voice is powerful.
His message is bold.
As I said yesterday,
to repudiate a lie that seems to be
continually progressing around the Basar
Herald.
God does not do modest.
He does not do meek.
He does not engage timidly or with the
timid.
His voice is kowak, powerful.
Bold.
He wants the voice raised.
When the weather will just be really
softly, that's what we'll do.
Sure, you'll hear us.
That'll work, right?
You'll listen after thirty-four hundred
years of not listening under the shouting
of your rabbis.
It's okay, right?
Hell no.
What I found out is God doesn't even
have a word for modest or for
lowly in the sense of timid.
Not even a word for it.
Pharaoh said, well, yeah,
it was a hundred times that God says
you ought to be humble and modest in
my presence.
No, he doesn't.
The overwhelming percentages of those are
a derivation of anah, which is to answer,
to be responsive.
He's looking for people who are responsive
to him.
You know, twenty-four years ago,
he found one.
That's how we began all of this.
I was willing to respond to him.
Moshe was willing to respond to him.
Abraham was willing to respond to him.
Dowd was willing to respond to him.
You've got to be willing to respond.
And none of the others,
when you examine them,
tell you anything about being meek or mild
or modest or humble in God's presence?
No.
In fact,
he says the enemies are going to be
subdued.
That's not the approach you should choose,
not the consequence you should choose.
God is powerful.
His voice is bold.
His authority, unchallenged.
He wants to speak through the coal that
is raised.
through this Basar, this human herald,
to bring this message to Jerusalem.
And if you are in Jerusalem,
during the fulfillment of Chag Sukah,
Taruwah, Kipurym, and Sukah, on Sukah,
as the voice is being lifted up high,
And proclaimed.
And it will be by the master of
ceremonies.
ElYah.
Who was anything but timid.
He said summon the king.
Summon the queen.
Summon eight hundred and fifty prophets.
Of the mother goddess.
And of the Lord.
And he mocked them mercilessly.
And then.
All of those who had opposed Yahowah.
He killed.
Not very.
Humble of him was it.
That's why.
God chose him because he was bold.
He was courageous.
He was relentless.
Lift up on high and choose to proclaim.
Don't be timid.
Don't be intimidated.
Don't be apprehensive.
The opposite of deciding you should be
modest and tell me in God's presence.
Yeah, you pat your head and say,
good boy, good girl.
No, fear not.
Don't be intimidated.
Don't be apprehensive.
Inhabitants of Yahuwdah, behold,
look up now and see your God because
he is returning with his beloved son on
Yom Kipurym, six twenty two p.m.
as the sun sets in Jerusalem.
October second, twenty thirty three.
Look up now.
And see your God.
Returning to Yahuwdah.
Yahuwd.
Compound of Yahowah and Dowd.
Yah-ud.
Means Yahowah's beloved.
Yasha'yah, verse forty-nine.
Behold, I, Yahowah,
the upright pillar of the tabernacle,
will arrive
With a Chazaq, an empowered leader,
an impassioned defender who embodies the
character and courage to prevail.
Boy,
not so much for that timid thing anymore,
are we?
Not so much for modest and meek.
Behold, I, Yahowah,
the upright pillar of the tabernacle,
will arrive with a Chazaq.
empowered leader, impassioned defender,
who embodies courage and character,
who is resolute, who's unafraid,
who is bold, firm.
Chazak.
That man's name is Dowd.
He is God's beloved son.
He is our savior.
He is the former and returning king.
He is the Messiah.
He is God's chosen one.
He is the exemplar of the covenant.
God is explaining here what he will also
say in Zechariah, Zechariah twelve.
And then his Zarowa.
his protective shepherd, sacrificial arm,
or the one sowing the seeds for the
harvest.
Well, now if he's speaking of
Dowd as being the resolute and courageous
one that is returning with him.
And now he is speaking to us of
his Zarowa.
That would mean that there is a man
here that is maybe has been mentioned up
to this point as the coal voice,
as the pay mouth of God,
as the Basar Herald of God.
this time to convey the Kara,
the invitation to read and recite this
message so that the way to Yahowah is
prepared.
Sharing the stories that are in Bamidbar
as part of it.
And so it's pretty clear here that this
individual, this Zarowa is another, well,
an individual other than Dowd.
but who has been part of this story.
Because he's just put in here like, well,
you should know who is the one who
is sowing the seeds for the harvest.
Because frankly,
he cultivated the seeds that had been sown
to produce the Shabuwah harvest.
And then the Taruwah gleaning.
And he's the first person that's actually
figured out that Zarowa was a title and
it's applied to three men, Moshe, Dowd,
and
Now to the Basar.
Well,
Dowd is the sacrificial lamb as the time
is presented in the Torah.
The word is from Zerah,
meaning to sow seeds that are productive
and can lead to a harvest.
And he's the first that's ever explained
that to anyone.
Or the first that when Yasha'yah is
presenting the Lamb of God who takes away
the religious guilt of the world.
And the fifty-third chapter tells you that
the one that's going to explain this to
you so you know what's going on is
the one who knows who the Zarowa are.
So then his Zarowa.
His strong arm,
the one sowing the seeds for these
harvests.
He's the one who's going to vividly
communicate using words as if they were
pictures.
He's the guy that's going to explain that
this is the portrait that God has
presented for us.
This is how it is framed.
This is the proper vantage point to
examine it.
This is how to engage with it.
He's the one who will have a love
and passion for the Mashal of Dowd.
For the word pictures the prophets have
drawn.
He will be a vivid and memorable
communicator.
The Zarowa is a man of words.
That's why he's called a herald.
That's why he is known as the cold
voice.
That's why he is presented as the pay
mouth of God.
It all fits together, doesn't it?
So then his Zarowa.
the one sowing the seeds for productive
harvest,
will vividly communicate using word
pictures for him.
Look up.
Pay attention to him.
The compensation for his loyalty and his
devotion, as well as for his work,
past and present, is right before him.
Gosh, I got a forty-ten.
Rich, as you sit over there,
it's hard to imagine that God could have
been any clearer.
He's telling us exactly who he would speak
through, when he would do so,
and the years leading to his return.
He doesn't hide anything when it's that
important.
It was all out in the open for
us to understand.
that in the last days prior to his
return, he would authorize a cold voice.
He would speak through the pay mouth of
a man.
He would engage a Basar, human herald.
And this man would serve as the final
of three Zarowa,
sowing the seeds for the harvest.
And that as a result of what he
is saying at this time,
as Yahowah returns with the
Messiah, the king,
the most courageous man who ever lived,
God.
You need to look up and pay attention
to him.
Now,
he goes on to say something that you
might think is just on behalf of the
one man.
And it is on behalf of this man.
God realizes that this Basar herald,
his cold voice, his pale mouth,
this concluding Zarowa,
accepted a mission that was essentially
impossible,
that not even Moshe and Dowd before him
could achieve, not even Yasha'yah,
the one writing these prophecies,
that God himself gave up on.
And that
While he may have not been the most
qualified person in the world,
he was the only person willing.
And while he may have his flaws,
and certainly does,
one thing's for darn sure, he was loyal.
He was devoted to this cause.
What do you say to twenty-four years and
counting?
sunrise to sunset and beyond.
I was in the office almost an hour
before sunrise this morning.
I concluded well after sunset yesterday.
He's nothing if not devoted and loyal.
And he has been committed and present
as the work needed to be done.
And so what God is saying is that
his reward, which is to serve with Dowd,
to live with Yahowah,
to enter the celebration of Sukah and
return to the garden, is right before him,
but that's not really what he's saying.
It's true,
What he's saying is that by showing people
the way to Yahowah,
by inviting and summoning them to read and
recite what he has translated and written,
by serving as the voice of God,
the mouth of Yahowah, as the human herald,
as a result of cultivating the harvest,
that the reward that is in front of
him
is that those of you who will listen
and respond, the covenant family,
that is my reward.
Those of you who listen and respond to
what God is saying through me,
you are my reward.
And I get to give you to our
King to doubt.
And I get to share eternity with you.
And I get to experience Yahowah's
appreciation for the loyalty and devotion
to this mission,
to bringing his family home.
Yahowah's presence, his smile,
his show of appreciation,
Though having a family to shepherd,
a flock to shepherd,
an earth being returned to the conditions
of Eden as God intended,
and you being there to share it,
that is the reward that is right before
him.
Satisfying indeed, isn't it?
Like a shepherd,
As a shepherd.
Consistent with the way one shepherds.
He will tend the flock.
God is saying the same thing.
The sheep have come back.
To their shepherd.
But the shepherd has a shepherd.
Just as God.
Has chosen to.
Delegate.
Kingship.
Through a man.
Through doubt.
His beloved son.
Dowd will, as the ultimate shepherd,
will delegate the care of the flock to
his Basar Herald.
The shepherd has a shepherd.
Now,
for those who are listening or engaged in
the covenant,
understand that if God can delegate and
Dowd can delegate, so can I.
And so you may want to bone up
or hone up on your shepherding skills.
So like a shepherd,
he will tend his flock,
tending those flock.
He will gather the lambs in his strong
and capable arms,
being a protective shepherd,
being the one who is responsible for the
Zerah of Zarowa, the soft spring.
that has been conceived by the lamb.
And he will guide,
leading those who are nursing,
lifting them up into his lap.
God is still speaking of the final Zarowa,
who is now serving as a shepherd over
the flock.
This is Yasha'yah's guy.
This is his Choter.
This is his Nakar.
This is his man from Edom.
And God says that through him,
the flock will be nursed.
What does he mean by that?
Well, ladies and gentlemen, come to Ruah,
the final ingathering of nations.
of covenant members will take place.
And the longest any one of them will
have had the opportunity to learn about
the covenant and accept its terms and
conditions will be seven years.
And most of them will be the product
of the last three and a half years
as Yada and ElYah speak to Yisrael.
Most of them will be a matter of
months old and their maturity in the
covenant.
However,
the final remnant of Yisrael who will be
gathered in Jerusalem
on Taruwah by Yahowah,
who benefit from the sacrifice of the
Adamah Parah,
and are therefore prepared to welcome
Yahowah and dote back on Kipurym and
enters Sukah and the garden on Sukah.
In terms of their knowledge of God,
they aren't even a day old.
We say that because if they knew Yahowah
and accepted what Dowd had accomplished on
Pesach, Matzah, and Bikuwrym,
they understood the terms and conditions
of the covenant.
They appreciated the benefit of the Mowed
Miqraey.
They would have been part of that gleaning
on Taruwah, but they were not.
So they will be babes.
They will be ewes.
They will be lambs that need nursing.
And so our first job on behalf of
the king will be to nurse them.
to help them grow,
get a little substance before we can
continue to teach them and lead them and
guide them, protect them.
We're gonna be shepherds to a whole flock
of baby sheep.
That is what Yahowah is communicating.
And by the way, you might say, well,
the shepherd is Dowd.
Why are you taking over his job?
I'm not.
He is the shepherd.
I agree.
The shepherd has a shepherd and the
shepherd has shepherd.
And Dowd at this point, he's king.
He's not going to be there holding the
milk to nurse the baby ewes.
In fact,
he's just been married to the most
beautiful woman in human history who is
this woman.
a woman who has been perfected by the
sacrifice of his best pal,
the Adamah Parah, this man from Edom,
so that he can be wedded to Israel
to have the most beautiful bride in the
world.
And so Sukah, to some extent,
is his chuppah where he will honeymoon
with his bride.
In fact,
it suggests he gets a year off from
normal duties.
We're going to be busy.
So striving to fully comprehend all that
was being conveyed and who was being
described by the title, Cole, voice, Pei,
mouth, Basar, herald, and Zarowa,
one cultivating the harvest.
Well,
it led us to one of the most
surprising introductions to the most
famous prophecy ever regarding the
Passover lamb and now caring for his
flock.
Let me share that with you.
And that's how we'll conclude this
program.
And we'll continue with another episode
from the Ocean Studio on the voice.
Because quite frankly,
I don't know what I could share with
you that would be more pertinent.
This is my calling,
and you are my family.
Who, the question is being asked,
has come to establish, to verify,
and to prove, Amon, the truth?
To the point of our message from far
away,
And to whom has the Zarowa of Yahowah
been revealed and made known?
Isaiah fifty three one.
No one understood any part of that until
I translated it for you and shared it
with you.
No one knew that Zarowa was a title.
The strong arm, who was also a shepherd,
is Moshe.
He was the first of the three Zarowa.
The greatest of the Zarowa,
the strongest of all arms,
the most protective of rams,
and the sacrificial lamb,
the full embodiment of Zarowa, is Dowd,
our Messiah and King,
our Savior who fulfilled Passover.
is the very Lamb of God.
And the final Zarowa is the one who
is the voice of Yahowah,
the pay of Yahowah, the Basar Herald,
and this final Zarowa,
the one who has revealed and made known
who these Zarowa are.
Stunningly important.
And you want to say, okay,
so who is this individual?
Well, who did this?
You can look back from the time that
Yasha'yah wrote the prophecies we now have
in the great Isaiah scroll,
and you will find no one heretofore who
has identified the identity of the three
Zarowa.
Proven it.
demonstrated it, established them,
verified them.
So the answer to that question is the
Basar Herald, is the final Zarowa,
is the cold voice of Yahowah,
the mouth through whom he is speaking.
There is no other rational answer.
So you're going to listen?
That's what you were asked to do by
God?
For those of you who are,
I thank you.
I look forward to seeing you and enjoying
your company forevermore.
This has been an exceptional episode of
The Voice from the Yahowah Vlog from our
Ocean Studio.
Good day.